.TH AUTO-AUTO-COMPLETE 1 AUTO-AUTO-COMPLETE
.SH NAME
auto-auto-complete - Autogenerate shell auto-completion scripts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B auto-auto-complete
.I SHELL
.B \-o
.I OUTPUT
.B \-s
.I SOURCE
.RI [ VARIABLE \fB=\fP VALUE ]...
.br
.B auto-auto-complete
.I SHELL
.B \-w
.I COMMAND
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B auto-auto-complete
generates a shell auto-completion script for the shell
.IR SHELL ,
from the file
.IR SOURCE ,
and stores it to
.IR OUTPUT .
Or, if
.B \-w
is used, print to stdout where such generate file should
be installed for the command
.IR COMMAND ,
and the shell
.IR SHELL .
.PP
When generating a file, a series of variables can defined
using the argument pattern \(aq'\fIVARIABLE\fP\fB=\fP\fIVALUE\fP\(aq.
.SH OPTIONS
.BR \-o ,\  \-\-output \ \fIOUTPUT\fP
The name of the file to generate.
.TP
.BR \-s ,\  \-f \,\  \-\-source ,\  \-\-file \ \fISOURCE\fP
The name of the file to parse.
.TP
.BR \-w ,\  \-\-where \ \fICOMMAND\fP
Print where the script shall be installed if the name of
the command is
.IR COMMAND .
.SH RATIONALE
Noone really wants to write shell auto-completion scripts,
especially not for more than one shell. But of course we
want to have it.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bash-completion ,
.BR bash (1),
.BR fish (1),
.BR zsh (1)
.PP
Full documentation available locally via: info \(aq(auto-auto-complete)\(aq
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/auto-auto-complete/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
